NO EXCUSES 
   kumar Sangakara you are very Honest and Nice Cricketer. I like you so much.
   I miss this guy da God of world cricket Kumar Sangakkara
    you answered, not as a cricketer,but as a philosopher who could forecast and foretell how to get into your target and make use of the time. If you become a Lawyer, you will be at the helm of your carrier You are an asset for our nation Sanga 
   No excuses   I didn t put it off.... but watched twice  
   Nice sir. Our country was very fortunate to a have a great cricketer and a great person as well. I expect to see 11 in our own team playing not only as a cricketer but also as a nice person as you. You have done lot in the stadiums I don t want to miss u. so It would be great if you can grow nice boys to our nation in the future... We need you forever sir its my humble request...
   most of sri lankan can t take responsibility, anything happen , they have excuses
   While saying you are one of the best cricketers who still loves SL team, I d like to elaborate a suggestion, which will indeed facilitate our SL team.. We d like legends like you  You, Mahela, and Murali etc  to coach our SL team towards a vision of getting the next world cup...Then we are really proud of you fellows.. Wish u good luck..
   very true Kumar Sangakkara, thnx, respect from Pakistan.
   I miss this guy God of world cricket Kumar sangakkara My Bst fleer
   Yes, that s nice indeed. But, you may have become better at some point. Not to forget to say that you became the best later 
   Positive attitude and sincere honest determination has made Kumar a legend of this centuary.
   Kumar, you will always be remembered as one of the greatest cricketers . You are a very inspirational person.
   Kumar ur great. This is life is all about working very hard. Thanks for ur video please b posting these types of videos.
     
   Sanga what is your excuse for quit playing for the country this early           
   Why you retiring   the best player in the planet still. People still live out there dreams through you    Legend
   OK Sir from now NO EXCUSES .........
   Sanga , bestest work man...   I know ur Hindi is good , 
So
Shukria  
   The most stylish and elegant batsman and an even better human being
   Love you so much one of my favourite player and all world
   Kumar Sangakkara when you back to SL team 
   An awesome human being and an example to people of all nations.
   Really love to watch you whether inside cricket or outside 
   Legend
   You know kumara you are the greatest man I m always respect and appreciate you      

Hi Guys, Thanks for your interesting views on the excuses statistics.  Our excuses can really hinder our potential. I remember how I made excuses as a young cricketer at Trinity College and then afterwards with NCC and Sri Lanka A. But people in my life, especially my parents and coaches, did not let me make these excuses and they pushed me to become a better cricketer and also a better person. Let s all say  no to excuses  and see how positively it effects our lives over the next few weeks.
 NoExcuses
   Missing you, Sanga. But what to do. This is life. And we have to accept it that you will no more entertain us with the bat.
   Sanga   you are a great. In my mind, you were very good, and you became great with the Dexter lecture    I was present for your sendoff test in Colombo. The outpouring of emotion was, i thought, a fitting tribute to your talent, your leadership and your contribution to the game. You will be in the team of the century any time
   Kumar   Respect    Unfortunately though the dice doesn t role in everyone s favour though  Here in SA where apartheid denied great sportsmen and women with potential in the past, there is still a huge disparity between advantaged and disadvantaged. The gap has been narrowed just a bit when the old system fell but the transformation net is still not catching up with most of the potential  Hence role models and advantaged people would hopefully be able to take these underpriveleged and disadvantaged sportsmen and women under their wing to mentor them to their full potential. We are poorer without you in cricket s field of dreams Sanga. Thanks for entertaining us. Thanks for the memories 
   Sir You are my favorite wicketkeeper and captain I miss all your captaincy and wicket keeping. But you are in my heart and always be in my heart.
   i am in tamil nadu.sanga u only rollmodel for me.i really miss u.no one can become like u in world.u are the one of biggest legend in cricket.not only in cricketbut also in world
   You are one of the few players in cricket, who is elegant on the field with stylish strokes and on off field with a great character. Sir, would be extremely happy if you continue these kind of posts and inspire people  
   You are great cricketer in the world.You are my favorite wicketkeeper,batsman and captain in the world.Miss you Kumar Sangkkara.May Allah Bless you and your family.
   No excuses when you become a professional. You have to deliver the goods.
   I am from Bangladesh my faviret cricket world no player K Sangakarea. Brother i miss you come you bangladesh cricket tim bat cochar your cuntry Chandrica Haturea Singha my cuntry cochar
   Sanga, you r a great but greater than greatest.me lucky to be a fan of you.me never want to mish your batting and kepping.Even you serprised me by bolling in last tour of Pakistan     love u and miss u so much.
   Boss you are my only boss. I love you and your play. I miss you all time. I promice i am your best fan. you are my only like cricket player of the world  . l praying God need your long life. by boss.
   I wish Kumar to take the squads forward and to be the world champion once more in the 50 overs OLD.
   Sangakara is one of the best player in the world. Hir test average is 56  and his 100 is enough and his ODI average is 40  So Sanga is the best.

l am Bangladeshi and sangas real fan.
   thanks for playing for my country  Jamaica  in the CPL competition and helping the team to win the competition. that catch at Sabina Park was awesome  
   Kumar sangakara me live in pakistan but i always like you and you are my favourite cricketer in world...
   Hi sir...  I am a big fan of you, it s seem to be very hard to get our team back in form,
   You are a really great cricketer in the world. many many thank you from Bangladesh
   Yes I never believe in Excuses in my life and it worked good  I believe in work  action not excuses. 
That s the way to success and it worked for you very well  May God bless you and your family x
   Kumar should take in charge and deal with these negative things and the subsequent liability.
   Thanks for your inspirations .....we miss you in the ground.
   as we know game is not just about winning and you are true legend of cricket.. cause you alwys stay calm and cool.
   you are my cricket idol mr Sanga. I really missing you mr perfect one . I am from Bangladesh but you are the real hero for all cricket country ..  respect legand sanga
   No,no excuses, just get on with it  
   Nice  Sir we r missing your batting   keeping ..... Lots of love Form  India
   For me ur da god of world cricket after dis 3 living legend sir don, sir viv,   sir brian charles

Just seen Mahela s post on the LMRB research and the FOG  No excuses for Goodness and Success  Forum. Very interesting that when it comes to important things that we want to do on a daily basis   we Sri Lankans make 4 excuses on average. It got me thinking  what number of excuses have I been making each day and it s quite a few  To start with I am supposed to be having a recovery session now after last night s QF for Surrey and instead I am on my laptop because I told myself  I am too tired . I guess all of us do this at different times in our life. What kind of excuses do you make  
 NoExcuses

http   www.dailymirror.lk 114207  No Excuses for Goodness and Success Forum inspires Sri Lankans to turn excuses to action
   After last night s performance you deserve to rest  Congratulations. We all make excuses for not doing things but being aware of it helps to reduce the number of times we do.
   Yes   I do give too many excuses when it come to home work.... That is not a excuse...   
   Working in outstation, all da tym i am so eager to sleep and have some rest after work.but i always end up watching a tv series or wasting time by jst looking at da mobile phone jst bcz im too tired..... LOL...
   Sir, I am your biggest fan too. You are the person in my life whom I value the most.
   If you told yourself you re tired then it s your body sending you a message via your brain. Listen to your body when it speaks. Do that and you ll be able to sustain your very high standards you ve set yourself to achieve for a longer period of time. Wonderful knock of 130 and carried the bat for Surrey. It had all the elements you bring to the crease  poise, elegance, style, skill and the confidence to display all these qualities without a whiff of hubris. A class act.  
   For you it s good to talk about cricket in simple words. Others are non of your business my dear.
   sir you are the best cricketer in the world forever.i respect to you and your wife
   You are the greatest cricketer in the world forever.Miss you Kumar Sangakkara.May Allah Bless you and your family.
   ur My best cricketer
   You are most talented player in the world lot of love from Dadu sindh Pakistan I am your biggest fan I miss you so much always
   
   Great
   
   Long story...love so much you and Yohali and respect you.nice post.
   Miss u Sanga
   Sanga I am your big fan.
   Kumar sangakara  3
   Its fair enough for you to have an excuse right now 
   Miss u   
   You are greatest in the cricket world.
   
   We miss you Sangs
   Love u sanga..
   Great
   G

 sory.tk

What a win. Well done Fordie, Angelo, Sanath and all the guys. This is the greatest achievement in our entire Test history. So very proud of the team   young but strong. Cheers, Sanga
   I salute you man, people say the greatest legend is Sachin ramsh Tendulkar but I say, you mean the total cricket and a total gentleman of the cricket ....still entertaining the world more than the other ...what an innings it was yesterday Northamptonshire vs Surrey, it means total classic
   Herath what a great spin bowler.his performance is prominent so far in this series and obviously for the victory of Sri Lanka over Australia.
   Hey Sanga you legend  played well too. What a century yesterday. Proud of you Sanga
   congratulations the team young..
   Srilanka didn t win a single test against Australia during his entire playing career so he really knows the value of this achievement.
   Sanga, I think you should share your great experience and expertise with these young lads so that they can perform even better
   Sanga we love you. Your  my hero. I love you forever.      I all was looking what you are doing how much you score and other things. Good luck sanga.
   Sanga, maybe you forgot to thank Murali  He seems to have given just desserts to the Ozzies by coaching them to lose   
   congratulations  we challenge them, whatever it is BAN or SRI.
   We are the best team in world....and us the best sanga aiya...I miss u soooooo much sanga Aiya...
   you are not only the greatest cricketer but also a gentleman.
   what are u think about that sanga...kusal mendis is turning point of the future of sl cricket 
   Great struggle of srilanka ..I miss you sir I missing your shorts I am your biggest fan from Dadu sindh Pakistan I love you always sir
   CONGRATULATIONS  SANGA
   Congratulations  to sl team.
   keep it up team Sri Lanka, best wishes for team S.L from hole Pakistan
   Congrats to all Srilankans from Pakistan.. Stay happy..
   Sanga miss u in evry moment of stilankan team nd i am ur fan number one
   You know what, Kumar  At first I was afraid, I was petrified. 
Thinking I could never live without out you by my side. 
But then I spent these last three weeks, seeing the boys playing like a beautiful song
And I grew strong, I knew I could get along
https   www.youtube.com watch v PNDl41HfvxI
   Proud srilankans as uur mark.
   congratulations to SL team
   Srilanka team is very strong now in test.
   congratulation to a young srilankan team
   Lanka team strong back after sanga retired.
       , cheers with         

Hi Guys   Congrats to Angelo and the team for a great performance in Kandy. Great to see the boys fighting so hard and the youngsters making such an impact. Superb knock from Kusal Mendis and some great spin bowling from Rangana and Sandakan. Cheers, Sanga
   Miss those days of old cricket .
Kumar sangakkara sir along with Sanath Jayasuriya ,Mahela Jayvardhane , Dilshan , Malinga and many more ...
   I am bangladeshi but I like sri Lanka cricket team.My favourite player Kumar Mahela but at this moment Kusal perera,sandimal, Mathews,malinga,tesera perera,Herath,kusal mendis.best of luck sri.
   This innings by Mendis reminds me of one of Mahela s early knocks. In  98 he scored 160  against NZ in Galle, on a raging turner where the next highest score in the match was Astle s 53. It was the innings that announced his class to the world. Hopefully this will turn out to be the same for Mendis
   You are one of the best Sri Lanka batsman of all time. Always admired your batting style Sanga and that s coming from an India supporter. Also a very well done to the Sri Lanka team well played
   We need all the best oldies to help our cricket team. Whether anyone likes or not all of you get together and give all the support to people like Sandakan,Matthews and bowlers and batsmen. Thank you, Mr.Sangakkara.
   Yes great and historical win for Sri Lanka over Aus  But it s very sad to know that it was only their 2nd win over Aus  Why There was Muralidharan,sangakara,mahela Jaywardhane,Jayasurya   
   miss to see you again on ground,may be lanka won this test but it s not your original copyright performance coz sri lankan team is unable to perform what they deserve when u were with team
   I always supporting Srilanka Cricket team. But you are the best in the world.No compare any cricketers of you. Best of luck Kumar Sangkkara and Srilankan Crickets team. Huge respect to you Sanga. May Allah Bless you Kumar Sangkkara.
   Rangana Herath always shows his class of spin whenever he bowls in srilanka but in his previous series with  England I really missed his class of spin in   out as our magician does  YasirShah....heartily congrats to you   srilankan team. Keep it buddies specially congrats from my beloved  Kamshir    Pakistan
   I was shocked by reading the comments as many guys from India , Pakisthan   Bangladesh has shown their love ,support to us   Sanga.... We r so pleased....... As being in a sub continent country, we also really lv ur players as well  IND PAK Bang .....   
   I am so happy for them too. I told Angelo Matthews on 7th July during the flight from London that this  new blood  would be great for Sri Lankan cricket  YAY 
   if you have retired then don t play in any leagues.....
we can t see you playing still like a young guy and doing soo good in other colours.....
 Come back in lions colour or retire from all kinds of cricket....
   
   
   sanga is my fav of all time 
respect and love from pakistan and hope srilanka white washed australia
   Sri lankan team desperately needs advices from Sanaga,Mahela, Aravinda and Murali who were world class players and very rare commodities in cricket world. I was at home yesterday and I watched the series of Sangakara s batting on you tube, which were missed by me due to my busy lifestyle.I surprised about his batting talents and I think ,he must be incomparable to any batsman and second to none in the world cricket history. So I cannot understand what has happened to sri Lankan cricket board office bearers who hold antagonistic attitude towards these world class players. Don t throw out the baby with the bath water,  this is over to the cricket board.
   Being a huge England cricket fan, i thoroughly enjoyed watching the Sri Lankans wooping Aussie Butt. Had you and Mahela still been playing, it would have been even easier..
   nice to know still u a in the back of this young talented crickets   what u wrote the few words is enough to the team work.if u still can guide this young cricket team its good for our Sri Lankan cricket.best of luck for your Carrier   god bless you.
   Sad to see such small crowds in Sri Lanka for test cricket, i would like to ask why  Ind, Aus, Eng, South africa, bang, even NZ will completely sell out at least 2 days of a test match.
   Best wishes from master batsmen. Loving sanga we proud about You and Sri Lanka team.
   Kumar sangakkara we misss youuuu even though I am not an sri lankan. I always wanted you to play
   Ranga and kusal your are a next match winaer of srilanka
   yea,allways supporting my idol the srilankan great... sir sangakkara. but not much srilanka.
   Sachin is the great of all time and there is more proof for it...
   Because of sanga I am supporting for srilanka... I am an a Indian buttttt.... I will support for srilanka till now...... Ur the real hero.... And ur my best herooooo toooo
   Sanga no one can fill ur space in Sri Lankan team.. you were the best  Respect from Pakistan
   Amazing performance by the Lankans after poor series in England.Well Played

I have been following the progress of Jayanthi Kuru Utumpala and Johann Peries as they try to become the first Sri Lankans to scale Mount Everest. They have reportedly reached the final stage of their mission, and as the weather appears to be favourable, they are hoping to reach the summit in the next few days. I wish them great strength and good luck on this their final approach. Best wishes, Sanga
   congratulation from Nepal country of Mt.everest and lord buddha.
   Congratulation to Srilankan mountaineer... May Nepal Srilanka relationship always escale height of the Everest.. Love to see you Sanga in Nepal.
   An epic moment of sri lankan history. All credits belongs to them and glory to all sri lankans.. 
Wish u all the best to lanakan Tensin noge.
   Amazing feat to be there. I have traveled to the basecamp from tibet and the view is spectacular. A trip noone will ever forget. 

The air was unbreathable especially cause we grew up at sea level in colombo. It is even more difficult to eat and sherpas do their best to keep us motivated. 

Kudos to these two and best of luck.
   Weather can change anytime at such heights, air is thin, extreeme temps, lack of oxygen and energy keeps on draining, so do it as quickly as possible once death zone is reached.........best of luck team lanka......
   All the best to our Sri Lankan friends, from the land of Mt. Everest 
   well done Jayanthi Kuru Utumpala and Johann Peries....it is always pleasure to see our national flag vibrate in mount everest......
   Jayanthi and Johann awesome keep that flag flying high  You are blessed and you will conquer the final stage   
   yes sanga you too come to visit this holy place  Nepal birth place of  lord  buddha and  highest peak   mount  everest along with other 7 out of 10 highest peaks of the world
   Good luck to them. Everest was summited yesterday in amazingly good conditions. Hope it stays that way for them..
   Jayanthi and Johaan Pieris, proud of you guys, make the Sri Lanka Flag flutter on the top of the world. Good luck on every step you take to reach the summit.
   The very best of Luck to you both. Keep the Sri Lankan flag flying high on the rooftop of the world. 
   Jayanthi   Johann are  WOW fans   avid followers of  KirbydeLanerolle.  God s special Blessings   Protection will be with them as they make the final assault to the summit.
   Have you done anything for flood victims in Sri Lanka Mr.Sangakkara  We remember how you worried about Indians. If you have done anyrhing here, please update us. Then we can stand up for you   
   congrats and welcome here the country of mt. everest and lord gautam budda , Nepal..... love you sanga ana all Srilankans....
   Well done. Great achievement   keeping Sri Lanka in the the news. Keep going to the top, you all can do it. All the best to both of you
   Thank you for clearing the situation . I thought that they were lying as I recognize that photo wasn t in the summit . Also in Zurich we were already aware of the names of 3 foreigners and the Sherpas all 9 of them .   OMG   just realized is this  could be     MY JOHANN   someone clarify please .
   Wish u both all the best to achieve this goal and make us proud as Sri Lankans             from New Zealand
   Best wishes to my nephew,Johann as well as  Kuru  from my much loved Kuru  negala. from Kenneth and Maureen earlier of St.Anne s College.
   There is always cute relation between Nepal and srilanka......, good luck.......,
   Good luck to sl team.. i firmly belived even my champion hero Sanga can too conquer this mammoth mountain.
   Happy to see you guys do such a great task which makes us proud as Sri Lankans..Wish you good luck fellows...
   Hope they got permission from their parents, punchi amma and other significant extended family. Do they know there is no Libra card service up there 
   Wish u good luck brother and sister it s just not only proud to all srilankans it s proud to all people of the earth I think so...
   Good luck to the Sri Lankan team.Hope to hear the good news soon.

Hi Guys   Very heartened that Kusal has been cleared but very disappointed with the whole process. Is a simple sorry enough for the trauma he has gone through and the cricket he has missed  The process should be innocent until proven guilty and players like Kusal should be allowed to play provisionally. Hope this at least leads to a positive change going forward. Cheers, Sanga
   PlayeR like Kusal perera s absense in sL t20 wc campaign it s really disipointment..A free flow player,gOod to see him now.IF he plays with consistent with his raw talent.IT WIlL huge boOst for SRI LANKA CRICKET.
   You are absolutely correct Sanga, Kusal would have made the difference in couple of these T20 WC games. The process is disgraceful, apart from the notion innocent until proved guilty, it takes too long.
   There s no doubt that the process could have been more precise and apparent. There shouldn t have been hidden agendas.ICC should apologize for the fact that they made a promising  cricketer await for a long time..hopefully a new panel should take control of such issues unbiasedly.. I feel for Kusal...
   Really so sad for kusal  he is amazing player,,i like his good shots and thoughts,,,. ..would you know kusal Now only sri lankan people couldn t miss you,,,all cricket fans will miss you very much
   Now that Maha is in ICC I am sure he will put forward a proposal to ensure no one else get treated this way
   Good to see the fearless attitude from seniors and the board. Kusal is an important asset of the Sri Lankan Cricket. Hope his presence will boost the boys confidence .
   Totally agree with you sanga. Its a sadness but good to see kusal back. All the best to him   Cricket Sri Lanka.
   I was personally disappointed as a srilankan fan. Kusal was not supposed to be ban I feel sorry for him and kusal is big big talent for srilanka.
   As long as BCCI control ICC innocent blood will be continued to shed. I hope Kusal would sue ICC for this gross negligence and character assisination.
   thani oruvan lyrics
thani oruvan lyrics          Look at me.
you can call me the mass disaster.
I am the monster.
Never ever read my chapter.
I am a Gangster
God is my freaking Banker
Money is the master
but thats not why i am running after.
Pistol                           
           ,                                .
                
                  .
                            

                           
                           .
                           
                      

                
                  
              
                  

               
               
               
               ...
               

                              
                              
                           
                               

                       
                       
                     
                          

                           
                         .
                           
                      

            
                  
              
                    ...

               
               
               
               ....

            
          
                         

            
          
                         

            
          
                        

            
          
                        

           ..          .
          .
   Sang a , I saw you bat at L.A. Dodgers Stadium.You were the best stroke player   batsman .It was a delight for the crowd to see how you middled and hit the ball so well .Your shots were like tracker bullets , even the one that got caught by Viru .I don t know how he held on to it .It was a great chance to see you outshine the rest of the All Stars batsmen .
   Well said Sanga, Positive test results of someone s sample is totally inadequate to point finger as culprit, since it is totally different from finding a  positive results for supporting a clinical examination in patients,   here it means depriving the rights of representing the nation thru  short sited testing alone.
   My opinion is that it was planned frm d beginning to eliminate him frm world cup T20..by mainly Indians..same fate has fallen upon several other players of other countries as well..Indians taking over more power in international cricket is causing more harm thsn good..amazingly non of these allegstions fall upon indians, aussies, or englishmen..
   It was just because of t20 world cup, he is a good player and could change the fortune of srilanka in world cup....
   Completely,,I agree with you  sanga vai ...it s a very grief,,,but good to see   kusal perera back.All the best of luck  sri lanka team
   Kusal could have changed Sri Lanka s fortune in the T20WC
   Please Sanga come back and play for sri lanka help them to grow...
   You and mahila should have backed kusal....... At the time of ban.. And he should have played wt20.......
   Absolutely unfair treatment.
   ICC is just senseless. Even a  kid can realize this injustice.
   Right on sanga... wat a circus act that was..
   Sanga is all time best bestman.no one com in srilanka like sanga
recpect from pakistan.
   Agree innocent until proven guilty  
   Based sanga dropping elite truth bombs on filthy indian cucket bogans
   Yes .agree. Whole thing has suspicious elements. From the beginning I wrote on my FB   this is some thing unusual punishment and accusation.

Very sad to hear about the passing of Tony Cozier and I extend my deepest condolences to his family and friends. It was always a delight to chat and spend time with him and his voice and presence will be dearly missed. Rest in peace Tony.
   May Allah Bless you...Kumar Sangakkara.You are the best player and very good human. I am also miss you too much.Please come back....
   Yes, I do remember those days when radio commentary was big without TV and used to love hearing him, all good things cannot remain with usall the time.
   Well said Sanga, Tony s voice will be missed on our ABC radio. I am not surprised that you have    so many fans in the Asian region. In fact many Australians too adore you and appreciate your contribution to Cricket. You are no doubt a legend. An admin role in SL cricket would do wonders for our cricket.please consider.
   Love and respect from Pakistan  icon player u r..and tony your great motivational voice will be missed rest in peace
   Very sad. Tony was amongst the best of commentators as you were amongst the very best of players. It s so good to know to
that great as you were, you can recognise someone who was great in his field. Vale Tony Cozier.
   Rest in peace Tony Cozier.Remember listening to his radio commentary even before Kumar Sangakkara was born.
   miss u my favorite player ever in the world. miss u both in ipl and national cricket
   RIP Tony. Your voice and depth in cricketing knowledge will be sorely missed.
   Hi dear sir.sangakkar.your also very good human.Thanks very much I am also miss to.to.much.....dear sir God bless your.all best....sir.
   He was a commentator for the first ever Test Match played at Lords. Clive Inman, Gamini Goonasena for Sri Lankan side and Tony Cozier and Peter Brombley for the BBC sports. We didn t have very good radio reception in early eighties but I remember Wicket keeper Amal Souza scored a century in his second innings   Please correct if I am WRONG 
   Hi..sanga..jst saw dese cmmnts..v can undstnd..ur class..by seeing dese few cmmnts and can undstnd..hw mch fans..dere r for u...as a sri lankan..as a bro of urs..um  vry...proud to read dese cmmnts...i thnk...d lion in our flg..is specially mde for u n indicates u...bst crckt plyr evr  
   Sangakara you are my best player. I am bangladeshi.but always i love you.
   Sanga i am an Indian. Bt you are my favorite cricketer after Sachin. You are also a very good gentleman. miss you sir. ....
   Kumar sangakara....
The legend who most loved by India...
I love u lot sir..n respect u too
   Sorry to hear of passedaway of our great commentater Tony who loved sri lankan very much .
   I feeling very nervous for his death. he was very great player in the cricket world.
   its very sad news.    sanga sir your behaviour in cricket field is vitnesed to that cricket is gentlemans game
   its very sad news. sanga your behaviour in cricket field is vinesed to that cricket is gentlemans game.......
   Deepest sympathies to Tony s family and friends
   Ya. Once upon a time Tony was  very super player .her voice sweet and speak very nice .miss him.
   Sangakkar the king of cricket we love
   His commentary  was a great motivation when I was playing EA sports.
   sanga you are real god of cricket and sir u are always be legend
   My deeply condolence  Peace in rest.   Little shocking ab heard this.  
   Sagakara your legendary batting lm very much miss come back God bless you

Hi Guys   Let me introduce my first online learning program titled  Being a Leader   Lessons from cricket  in which I share my experience on Leadership   Teamwork in the form of real life stories. I hope this will be helpful for both your personal   career life. You can experience the program on below websites. https   sanga.guru.lk  Global Users  https   courses.guru.lk course sanga  Sri Lankan Users 


https   youtu.be mXHsBjC 9mQ
   Kumar Sangakkara you are the true gem of cricket not only for Sri lanka but for the whole world and also a great human being
   A ledaer cant  be a great leader if he dont spread the knoeledge he have    but U are true legend and awesome player     GURU of every One     ,,,,,,,,,,,,  Your Fan from Pakistan Love u
   people say  You ve still got it Kumar  but in my view he never lost it.He s still one of the best batsman.
   Sanga, we miss you behind the stumps. We miss your left hand bat, your leadership and maturity in the field with your team and most of all, we miss the purist cricketer you are.  It s not the same without you Sir.
   sanga we really miss u a lot. We miss ur action behind the stumps, we miss ur left hand batting style. We are really lucky to see u bating and we can not forget ur back to back centuries in the world cup 2015. We SALUTE u SANGA SIR
   sangakkara you my favaurite person only for you I watching cricket..you is a great great legeand in cricket world.miss you sangakkara.....  from Bangladesh
   I remeber that day when u Lose Final from India and Pakistan ......u was Smiling... Realy hurt winner u r....Calm player u are...i realy miss that smile.

 Love From Pak
   You are a complete man Sanga..I salute to your mother for producing such a wonderful, genuine person..You can better teach us how can we the leader not only in sports but in our social life too   Pls convey my sweet hello to your cute son  
   Irrespective of religion, cast race or a country all hv valued you as gentleman, great cricketer and a true leader. We are so proud about you Sanga. We miss you on the cricket field. You are still the greatest  and the best batsman in world cricket. Your early retirement is a great loss for Sri Lanka. True ambassador of Sri Lankan cricket.
   This clip is full of wisdom bearing very important messages in a clinical clarity for everyone. If I want to share it  especially among my doctoral students , would be okay with you  Do I need a formal permission 
   intersection of most serene batsman on the field, most serene writer and yes the most serene speaker..  fan Out of Srilanka
   Really you are wonderful sir... We misses you a lot behind the stumps.... The whole world of cricket will always respect you sir.. You have entertained us a lot with your batting style... Miss you sir.... A fan from India...
   This what you call unity irrespective of race religion cast and country. Sanga you are a true living example of good human. You have won the respect of all.
   man. you are sharing what you are fond of and creamed in a really good way..keep it up bro.. we are proud of you and love to learn from a humble person like you tc  D
   The biggest thing about being a leader is   succession planning  If this was done well, the team would not be in such bad state today 
   Everybody says he is no1 but sanga has a number of double 11 which is written on his shirt..great man and beautiful cricketer
   I am very proud of you, keep it up .Thank you for your contribution to keep the Sri Lankan name at the top in the world map.
   I think your going beyond your limits. Leadership has nothing with you rather provide ur cricket technical knowledge to the people.
   I hope someday that a leader like you will lead my Sri Lanka back to its glory  
   That s a great initiative Sanga. You re the best of the game I ve ever seen  Love n respect for you.   
   I think you can also proved your self as great leader and great player .....thanks for spreading your knowledge to us.....
   Great player
Always played with passion for Srilanka 
Srilanka should be proud for him
 respect from Pakistan.....
   A great ambassador of the gentleman   s game . Big legend   great leader of cricket . Love u   miss u sanga .
   you are an inspiration to many of us in India..God bless you and good luck for your social initiatives....
   I am so proud of Sangakkara as a Sri Lankan,   Harsh  u are so honest , thnks a lot    

My twins watching their grandmother work at the Po me   Po sie at lier.
   GOD bless ur mother and ur chil dren always,....hats off to ur mother for giving the world Sangakara......a true legend
   This ICC Indian Cricket Council  has destroyed the careers of Sunil Narine,Saeed Ajmal,Ajanta Mendis,Suhag Gazi and some other players.Now they are after Taskin   Sunny.Who is next Mustafiz .Srilanka, Pakistan and bangladesh has bowling issue, but u never see any problem for india. Taskin is playing international cricket now almost 4 years. No problem or what so ever but now inside a icc tournament he has problem, really india u beauty.The real is ashwin and bumrah are illegal,oh sry sry they r indian ..so,no investigation..Shame on u...Icc indian cricket council
   Hi sir...dis s Varun from India..I am physiotherapist ..I am a great fan srilankan cricket team..n don forgot I am a very very fan of u...u don believe from child word onwards great fan of SL..
   Memories are made of things like these. When they get older they will remember watching their grandmother sewing and all the fun times.  family   
   Your   Mahela batting fashion must need to Sri Lanka Crickets in future, specially for National team do your respect duty for our cricket pls.
   kumar  sangakkara  i  feel  very  much  when  you  miss  the  world  cup  2011 to  india  i  am   cry  until  srilankans  come  to  final 3 times  but  miss the  world cup  frequently
   we are proud to have support from you     Srilanka is the best polite team in the cricket arena and you re a true legend    Love from Bangladesh though losing Asia Cup  
   always wish your family,,,you are  king of   the cricket sri lanken. we have a  butyful memorys  specialy  you and others , but   new teame  and cricket board not done well. and noot balence teame,  so how can hope  future  cricket  sri lanken...sanga we mis you..
   Hi sangakkara how r u..... i am fine
I am big fan ... i am in tamil nadu by india.. u want play 2016 20 20 world cup match  pls pls.... i am waiting for the match u need to play.
........
   you are the best cricketer and a good human being so naturally your family and son is also a great person may god bless you and your family
   Sanga , nw you can be closer than you were ..thank you very much for cricket memories .nw its your tearn to enjoy your life.
   thani oruvan lyrics
thani oruvan lyrics          Look at me.
you can call me the mass disaster.
I am the monster.
Never ever read my chapter.
I am a Gangster
God is my freaking Banker
Money is the master
but thats not why i am running after.
Pistol                           
           ,                                .
                
                  .
                            

                           
                           .
                           
                      

                
                  
              
                  

               
               
               
               ...
               

                              
                              
                           
                               

                       
                       
                     
                          

                           
                         .
                           
                      

            
                  
              
                    ...

               
               
               
               ....

            
          
                         

            
          
                         

            
          
                        

            
          
                        

           ..          .
          .
   Kumar bro. ..I m greatly missing you  Please come back in cricket again and let us enjoy all Lankan matches. ..
   You are very fortunate to have Twins.
   Master, replace Chandimal with Milinda position, Milinda may be good opener. Think for inspiring moment.
   Very lucky to have  twins , god bless for ur mom Ana whole family  
   Kumar now you have enough time to complete your  degree no   I think that will decorate your life further. Little  advice from someone admire you a lot
   Sanga You are a great legend and pleased too proud father of twins.i know the happiness of being father of twins. boys 
   When sunny leone came to india to work for Bollywood, she had a medical test in chennai and the report says  she is virgin.  Rabindranath Thakur
   You are legend .you are so stylish batsmen that even stylist looks crap in front of you.sir you make batting so romantic that after after watching I don t like making love.you play with such elegance that even after wearing the most expensive suite I look crap...you are wow
   So nice sir sanga god bless your mother  n  your family
   Do you remember  Jayoda sathsara thanks sooo much Kumar sangakkar
   Masha Allah . Allah bless your family Kumar Sangakkara
   From Pakistan only love in your way...please be Pakistani batting coach please
   I m Pakistani my ideal battsman kumar sangakkara miss u sanga       

